added tip to customize login error notification to authProvider docum… (#1671)
pankod/refine: documentation/docs/core/providers/auth-provider.md

:::

:::tip

> **refine** automatically displays an error notification if the login fails. You can customize the default error notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**refine** automatically displays an error notification if the login fails. You can customize the default error message.
```

:::

:::tip
**refine** automatically displays an error notification if the login fails. You can customize the default error message.

```tsx
login: ({ username, password, remember }) => {
    const user = mockUsers.find((item) => item.username === username);

        if (user) {
            localStorage.setItem("auth", JSON.stringify(user));
            return Promise.resolve();
        }

>         //highlight-next-line
>         return Promise.reject({
>             name: "Login Failed!",
>             message: "The username or password that you've entered doesn't match any account.",
>         });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        //highlight-start
        return Promise.reject({
            name: "Login Failed!",
            message: "The username or password that you've entered doesn't match any account.",
        });
        //highlight-end
```
